Write a Verilog (design) module count_0918273645 for a counter that starts from zero after reset is de-
asserted, and counts in the following fashion: 0 to 9 to 1 to 8 to 2 to 7 to 3 to 6 to 4 to 5 and re-traces the
count back to the first 1 and repeats the sequence from 0, such that no count appears twice in succession.
\u2022 The count must be the output of Flipflops.
\u2022 A design with the least number of flipflops is desired.
Write a test bench to verify the count sequence. Use asynch active low reset signal rst.
Name the ports: clk, rst,(inputs) count (output).
DO NOT CHANGE THE MODULE AND PORT NAMES.
(40)
1. Write a Verilog module candy_vending_with_CNCL_BUY for the earlier discussed Candy vending machine
controller, but now with the following specifications:
I.
The logic-1 signal generated on the nickel, dime and quarter (n, d, q) inputs lasts anywhere
from 3 to 5 clock periods.
II.
Once the amount of money deposited is equal to or more than the cost of the candy (25cents),
further coins are not accepted by the machine till the transaction is either cancelled by
pressing the CNCL button or completed by pressing the BUY button.
III.
CNCL and BUY input signals can be from 2 to 4 clock-periods duration. These signals do not
come in the middle of a coin pulse. CNCL and BUY cannot be pressed simultaneously.
IV.
Pressing the CNCL button causes refund of the full amount deposited. Refund need not be in
the same denomination as the deposited coins. Refund can be given in nickels, dimes and
quarters, and refund must have as many types of coins as possible; at the same time minimum
number of coins must be used. (Assume that coins of all denominations are available). CNCL
can be used after one or more coins have been deposited.
V.
The BUY button confirms the purchase, causing candy to be delivered and the change to be
returned. While returning the change, coins should be given out in the highest possible
denomination(s).
VI.
All other specifications as discussed earlier remain the same. i.e there must be a pulse signal
for a coin to be returned. Different types of coins \u2013 nickel, dime, quarter - can be returned
simultaneously. If two coins of the same type must be returned, two pulses need to be
produced.
VII.
Use the following port names for the module: clk, rst, CNCL, BUY, n, d, q, (inputs) and
dispense, rN, rD, rQ (outputs). The last 3 outputs are for returning Nickel, Dime and Quarter
respectively.VIII.
IX.
X.
XI.
XII.
DO NOT CHANGE THE PORT NAMES, as your design module will be instantiated in a test bench
which uses the given port names. Any change in the port names will cause the simulation to
fail.
Use active low asynchronous reset.
A design with the least number of states, meeting the above specification, is desirable.
Write a test bench containing tasks: insert_nickel, insert_dime and insert_quarter, which
produce signals of 3 to 5 clock periods on the inputs of the design module.
Make suitable assumptions wherever needed and mention them.
